With this project we hope to extract data on animals possibly affected by the 2013 flooding of the Yamuna River.

We want to answer questions like:

1. What types of animals are in the area?
2. How many of them have been killed or injured by the waters?
3. Are any still at risk of disease of injury from the flood waters?

### How does it work?
You will be presented with a photo taken during the monsoon flooding of 2013 and asked a series of questions about what you can see in the photo.

Answer the questions as best you can, and we highly recommend taking the tutorial before starting so you know what to look for.

If you need some pointers, you can check the help provided for the corresponding question.

**Don't worry if you are not sure about your answer**, each photo is presented to at least 30 people and the final answers are taken from the majority response. So there is no problem if you get a couple wrong.

**Sometimes it will be difficult to see what is in the photo** - if you are not sure, don't be afraid to select "I DON'T KNOW", this is also an answer!

**Don't worry either if you find you have a lot of photos that are not relevant**, sometimes you might go through several photos in a row that have no water before finding one you can analyse. Photos have been collected for not only this project but also others covering topics like agriculture, shelter, accessibility, etc. so while a photo may not be relevant for this project, it will probably be relevant for another. It is also still useful to know where there was not water, or where people are not affected by the flooding.

If you want more information on some of the problems faced by communities living along the banks of the Yamuna see [Yamuna's Daughters: Women for Sustainable Cities](http://yamuna.womenforsustainablecities.org).

### What are we doing with the results?
The projects of the Yamuna 2013 Monsoon Flooding category are the first pilot projects of GeoTag-X.

Results generated by your contributions to this project will help us improve the Yamuna projects for deployment during future monsoon seasons.

More generally we will also use these results to determine how these types of projects could be best used in a disaster situation. Ideally the results from these projects would be used to complement other sources of data informing the response and recovery effort such as satellite imagery analysis and field assessments.

The project was co-developed with Sylvia Nagl and [Rosita Haddad-Zubel](http://tecfa.unige.ch/perso/rosita/-/Home.html).

Project icon courtesy of [Manju Jagvati Kinno, Sahina Mohamad, Farhana Tashkin Irsad Mohamad, Aashiya Nashima Shakeel, Roobi Semun Lal Mohamad, Gulshan Mamina Khtoon Sansuddin, Jainendra Kumar](http://yamuna.womenforsustainablecities.org/).
